[Database Monitoring] Update sqlserver setup documentation to mention log shipping (#20989)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/azure.md

CREATE USER datadog FOR LOGIN datadog;
ALTER SERVER ROLE ##MS_ServerStateReader## ADD MEMBER datadog;
ALTER SERVER ROLE ##MS_DefinitionReader## ADD MEMBER datadog;

> -- If you intend on using monitoring log shipping (availably in agent v7.50+), proceed with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- To use Log Shipping Monitoring (available in Agent v7.50+), uncomment the next three lines:
```

GRANT CONNECT ANY DATABASE to datadog;
GRANT VIEW SERVER STATE to datadog;
GRANT VIEW ANY DEFINITION to datadog;

> -- If you intend on using monitoring log shipping (availably in agent v7.50+), proceed with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- To use Log Shipping Monitoring (available in Agent v7.50+), uncomment the next three lines:
```

CREATE USER datadog FOR LOGIN datadog;
GRANT VIEW SERVER STATE to datadog;
GRANT VIEW ANY DEFINITION to datadog;

> -- If you intend on using monitoring log shipping (availably in agent v7.50+), proceed with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- To use Log Shipping Monitoring (available in Agent v7.50+), uncomment the next three lines:
```
